Restructuring docs folder (#204)
kyma-project/website: docs/project-structure.md

> 

Reviewer: ```
<!-- NOTE: Update the list whenever you update the project structure. -->
```

```
  ├── .github                     # Pull request and issue templates

>   ├── content                     # Content for website

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ├── content                     # Content for the website
```

  │    ├── assets                 # Assets files

>   │    ├── banner                 # Directory with events.yml file, which contains events for banner

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  │    ├── banner                 # Directory with the "events.yml" file which contains events for the banner
```

  │    ├── blog-posts             # Blog posts

>   │    ├── docs                   # Raw documentation with assets for various version of Kyma

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  │    ├── docs                   # Raw documentation with assets for various Kyma versions
```

  │    └── i18n                   # Localization files
  ├── docs                        # Directory with project-related documents

>   ├── gatsby                      # Directory with files used Gatsby API, for creating static pages, creating nodes etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ├── gatsby                      # Directory with files using the Gatsby API for creating static pages or creating nodes
```

>   ├── plugins                     # Original plugins used in gatsby.config.js file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ├── plugins                     # Original plugins used in the "gatsby.config.js" file.
```

>   ├── scripts                     # Scripts used in Continuous Integration (do not use them locally)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ├── scripts                     # Scripts used for Continuous Integration. Do not use them locally.
```

  ├── src                         # Website's source code 
  │    ├── common                 # Various helper functions and types
  │    ├── components             # Structure of website's components
  │    │    ├── blog              # Structure and styles of the blog posts
  │    │    ├── docs              # Documentation page structure and styles
  │    │    ├── landingPage       # Landing page structure and styles
  │    │    ├── layout            # Website structure and styles
  │    │    ├── notFoundPage      # 404 page structure and styles

>   │    │    └── shared            # Various generic components

Reviewer: such as? :)

  │    ├── pages                  # Main pages displayed on the website
  │    └── templates              # Template files, for example, for a blog post

>   ├── static                      # Static content for website - fonts, images etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ├── static                      # Static content for the website including fonts and images
```

>   ├── tools                       # Various tools used for development process

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ├── tools                       # Various tools used for the development process
```

>   │    └── content-loader         # Tool for fetching new version of documentation and copying to content/docs folder

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  │    └── content-loader         # Tool used to fetch a new documentation version and copy it to the "content/docs" folder
```

>   └── config.json                 # Configuration file for project. It contains languages, site metadata etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  └── config.json                 # Project's configuration file. For example, it contains languages and site metadata.
```

```

> If you make any changes in the project structure, remember to update it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Reviewer: I added it as a hidden comment above.
